>> Francesca Sadikin: Hello everyone?
And welcome to today's workshop on
achieving success as a software developer.
I'm Francesca Sadikin, and
I'm thrilled to have you all here.
Just a bit about myself,
I'm a self-taught engineer and
I've had the incredible opportunity to
grow my career to the point where I'm now
a senior engineer at Netflix.
This course is the designed for anybody
interested in understanding what it takes
to succeed in the software engineering
field beyond just technical skills.
Whether you're a budding developer or
a seasoned engineer,
this workshop has something valuable for
you.
Over the years, I've had the privilege of
working with some superstar engineers and
I've learned a lot from their habits,
techniques, and mindsets.
Today I'm excited to share
with you my observations and
tips that have not only
helped me in my journey,
that can hopefully help you
excel in your own careers too.
So I'm gonna start with a quote that
has guided me throughout my career.
Luck is when opportunity
meets preparation.
So we're gonna break this
course down into two parts.
First, talking all about preparation,
how we can equip ourselves to not just
meet expectations but to exceed them.
This is going to be more
than just technical skills,
which we will still cover, but
it's also about the mindset and
soft skills that will set you up for
long term success.
Then we're gonna go into opportunities.
We'll explore why opportunities are
critical for growth and how to create and
seize opportunities that
can accelerate your career.